The
/ðə; ði/The
 art.这；那adv.更加（用于比较级，最高级前）这 28%，那 27%，那些 18%，这些 18%，用于最高级前 9%	"the  /ðə; ði/The
 art.这；那adv.更加（用于比较级，最高级前）这 28%，那 27%，那些 18%，这些 18%，用于最高级前 9%The
  He makes the best pizza in the city.他做的比萨饼是市里最好的。The
来自古英语 the, 那个, 来自 to, 指示代词, 词源同 this, that.art.这(那)个;这(那)些(指特定的人或物)Have you got the letters I sent you?我寄给你的那几封信收到了吗?The
determinerukstrong /ðiː/ weak /ðə/ usstrong /ðiː/ weak /ðə/  the determiner PARTICULAR A1 used before nouns to refer to particular things or people that have already been talked about or are already known or that are in a situation where it is clear what is happening（用于名词前，指听者或读者已知的事物或人，尤指已提到的或能被领会的事物或人） I just bought a new shirt and some new shoes. The shirt was pretty expensive, but the shoes weren't.我刚买了一件新衬衫和几双新鞋。衬衫很贵，但鞋子不贵。 Please would you pass the salt.请你把盐递给我。 I'll pick you up at the airport.我会开车到机场接你。A1 used before some nouns that refer to place when you want to mention that type of place, without showing exactly which example of the place you mean（用于某些名词前，表示泛指一类地方） We spent all day at the beach.我们在海滩上呆了一整天。 Let's go to the movies this evening.我们今晚去看电影吧。 I have to go to the bank and get some Euros.我得去银行兑换些欧元。A1 used before noun phrases in which the range of meaning of the noun is limited in some way（用在带有限制性定语的名词短语前） I really enjoyed the book I've just finished reading.我真的很喜欢我刚读完的那本书。 Do you like the other kids in your class?你喜欢你们班的其他同学吗？A1 used to refer to things or people when only one exists at any one time（指独一无二的事物或人） What will happen in the future?未来会发生什么事？ After I leave college, I want to travel around the world.大学毕业后，我想环游世界。 They live in the north of Spain.他们住在西班牙北部。 Ed Koch was for many years the mayor of New York.埃德‧科克做了多年的纽约市长。 When we went to Paris, we went up the Eiffel Tower.我们到巴黎时去了埃菲尔铁塔。A2 used before superlatives and other words, such as ""first"" or ""only"" or numbers showing something's position in a list, to refer to only one thing or person（用于形容词或副词最高级及表示排名的词前） That was one of the best films I've ever seen.那是我看过的最好的电影之一。 What's the highest mountain in Asia?亚洲最高的山是哪一座？ I will never forget the first time we met.我永远也忘不了我们第一次见面的情形。 You're the fifth person to ask me that question.你是第5个问我那个问题的人。 used to say that the particular person or thing being mentioned is the best, most famous, etc. In this use, ""the"" is usually given strong pronunciation（用于表示“最…的”，此时 the 应重读） Harry's Bar is the place to go.哈里酒吧是最值得一去的。 You don't mean you met the Will Smith (= the film star), do you?你不是说你见到了威尔‧史密斯本人吧？ used before some adjectives to turn the adjectives into nouns that refer to one particular person or thing described by the adjective（用在形容词前，指特定的人或事物） It seems that the deceased (= this particular dead person) had no living relatives.看来死者没有健在的亲属。 I suppose we'll just have to wait for the inevitable (= the particular thing that is certain to happen).看来我们只好坐等那不可避免的事情发生。 used before some adjectives to turn the adjectives into nouns that refer to people or things in general that can be described by the adjective（用在形容词前构成名词，泛指一类人或事物） She lives in a special home for the elderly.她住在养老院。 The French were defeated at Waterloo in 1815.1815年法军在滑铁卢被击败。 used before a singular noun to refer to all the things or people represented by that noun（用在单数名词前，指该类事物或人） The panda is becoming an increasingly rare animal.熊猫这种动物数量越来越稀少了。 The car is responsible for causing a lot of damage to our environment.汽车对我们的环境造成了严重破坏。 used before a family name to refer to two people who are married or to a whole family（用在姓氏前表示某夫妇或一家人） The Jacksons are coming to visit on Saturday.杰克逊一家周六要来看我们。 used before some nouns referring to musical instruments or dances to mean the type of instrument or dance in general（用在乐器或舞蹈的名称前表泛指） Nico is learning to play the piano.尼科在学弹钢琴。 Can you do the waltz?你会跳华尔兹吗？ used before a noun to represent the activity connected with that noun（用在名词前表示与名词有关的活动） I'm going under the knife (= having a medical operation) next week.我下周要接受外科手术。 It's not a good idea to spend more than three hours at the wheel (= driving a vehicle) without a break.连续驾车3个多小时不是个好主意。B2 used before numbers that refer to periods of ten years（用在逢10的数字前） the 60s60年代B2 used before each of two comparative adjectives or adverbs when you want to show how one amount gets bigger or smaller in relation to the other（用在两个形容词或副词比较级前，表示“越…越…”） The sooner I get this piece of work done, the sooner I can go home.我越快完成这项工作，就能越早回家。 used before comparative adjectives or adverbs when you want to show that someone or something has become more or less of a particular state（用在形容词或副词比较级前，表示某人或事物的特定状态的变化） She doesn't seem to be any the worse for her bad experience.她看来丝毫没有因为悲惨的经历而沮丧。 used for emphasis when you are expressing a strong opinion about someone or something（用于强调所持看法） André's got a new job, the lucky devil.安德烈有了新工作，这个幸运的家伙。More examplesDon't sit on that bag - you'll squash the sandwiches.I dropped him at the library and went shopping.She followed me into the kitchen.""How many children are there in the school?"" ""About three hundred.""The children are always hungry when they get home from school.  the determiner YOUR B1 used instead of a possessive adjective such as your, her, or my（用于代替 your，her，my 等词） He held his daughter by the arm (= her arm).他抓着女儿的胳膊。 I can't remember where I parked the (= my) car.我不记得把车停在哪儿了。More examplesShe took me by the hand and led me into the cave.She grabbed the cat by the tail - which was a rather stupid thing to do!""Cheer up, "" she said and chucked the little girl under the chin.They cracked him over the head with a baseball bat.Always remember to bend at the knees when you're picking up anything heavy.  the determiner ENOUGH  enough足够的 I'd like to go out tonight, but I don't think I have the energy.我倒是想今晚出去玩，但又觉得自己没那个精力。 [ + to infinitive ] I don't have the time to talk to you now.我现在没有时间和你谈话。More examplesI can't do fiddly jobs like that - I don't have the patience.She never seems to have the time to sit down and talk any more.I'd love to do a parachute jump, but I can't pluck up the courage.If we can raise the money, I'd like to get the treatment done privately.He hardly had the strength to lift his head off the pillow. the determiner EACH  each; every每个 It does 30 miles to the gallon.这辆车每加仑汽油能跑30英里。The
 the"
